All right we have our internet gateway create it.
So the next thing that we're going to do is we're going to attach this internet gateway to our PC so
to do that we're going to take out the Internet Gateway ID from the internet gateway response and then
we're going to use that ID to attach the in a gateway to our PC.
But of course to get the internet gateway idea let's go back to both of three documentation and from
the both of the free documentation.
Let's find the method for creating the internet gateway.
And here we go and let's see what it returns so we can get the internet gateway ID.
And as you can see it is returning a type of dictionary and then with the internet gateway object at
the parent level then we have the internet gateway ID.
So let's just copy the Internet Gateway and after our response let's say Internet Gateway ID is going
to be
internet gateway response and then the internet gateway ID.
And after that following the object response structure
internet gateway Id just like that.
So this is going to give us the necessary information for retrieving the internet gateway ID.
The next thing that we're going to do is to attach the internet gateway to our PC.
Let's go to our C-Class and create a method.
So I'll go down below and I'm going to define a method.
Attach internet gateway to the PC opes and Eurico.
And what this method is going to get is of course a PC ID and an internet gateway ID.
So if we tried to type the method using with the help of Pi both a library and attach internet gateway
to the PC and as you can see it is expecting basically two things except the dry run of course it is
expecting an internet gateway ID.
And then of course a VPC ID.
So let's just provide those methods those Arden's actually.
And I'm going to say Internet Gateway ID is going to be IGAD And let's just go a line below and see
what we're doing more clearly.
And then of course we're going to have to provide the PC ID and for that I'm going to say the PC Id
just like that.
And of course let's just print out the statement that we're attaching the internet gateway to our CPC
internet gateway and of course provide the ID for internet gateway and then to be PC and PPC ID.
All right.
So let's go back to our main test in class my implementation class and just typed a method then.
So we're going to say the PC got attach AGW to VPC and the first thing that we're going to provide is
the PC ID and then we're going to provide the internet gateway Id just like that.
So this is all we have to do to attach our internet gateway to the PC.